last time on the comment special i'm emo
i'm an emo kid nothing for me as can be
you've been done performing too if you
look just like me i have painted my
nails and makeup on my face i'm almost
emo enough start shaving my legs cuz i
feel real deep when i'm dressing a drag
i call it freedom mother yeah pretty
pathetic isn't it yes I get an answer
comments no I could do answer cummins go
and with that our first comment from
princess fallen that's so rocked socks
yes i do where rock socks next comment
please from ear leader ha ha ha ha ha or
exclamation marks Oh in FG comma so with
three too many o's funny ! three more
Hawes and three more exclamation marks
this was our first comment ever that
means this one's important so I'll
handle it you can't handle this one
you're dead yeah prove it who let the
dogs out how's that I think we've gotten
a little off-topic next comment please
from X tail Z X period underscore period
semi oh oh that's a smiley face don't
quite get the semicolon but it's smiley
face anyways mine's in there holy crap
no it isn't haha oh wait it is now well
that means I kill you now Extell ZX we
may have made fun of you in this comment
special but it all comes from the heart
next comment please smokey hot boy 1
this dude is an ass who was talking
about this hey ever heard of grammar
it's the thing
what a jerk what is the dis dude is an
ass I was talking about but okay before
the crew snick kills any more
subscribers we're gonna end this dear
diary mood a pathetic my life is
spiraling downward I couldn't get enough
money to go the floodlit romance and
suffocate me dry